Welcome to the API update utility! 

This is a new project you've created. There's a few steps you'll need to go through
to get it up and running. Please see readme.md for detailed setup instructions!

Basic Instructions (Alma API)

Add your CSV file, called input.csv by default. This file must have headers, but the names
don't matter. 

The first column should be the resource ID used to identify the resource in the 
GET/PUT requests. Each subsiquent column should correspond to the value you want to use for 
the XML update. If you are using an xpath update that doesn't require a value (like 
deleting), still leave a column there.

Then, update your project_settings.py file:

1. xpath: Include the XML xpath pointing at the element you want to update. If
    you're adding or deleting an element rather than updating an element's value, 
    point this to the element's parent. Default is update (change the value)

2. xpathForGetResponseVerification: This verifies whether the XML returned by the
    API server is valid. You should include an xpath here pointing to an element 
    that a valid resource should ALWAYS have, even if it's a root element like <user>
    or <vendor>

3. apiUrlTemplate: This is the format of the URL for the GET and PUT requests. You'll
    see an example URL there. As in the example, you should include <resource_id> 
    where the ID should go in the URL. Use that term exactly, this is what the program 
    swaps out for the resource ID. 

OPTIONAL TO CHANGE:
xpathOperation: This is whether you want to update, insert, or delete an element. Default
    is update. If you choose insert, you must include stringified XML as the value for 
    each resource in input.csv. If you choose 'delete', you must include an xpath specifying which
    elements to delete RELATIVE TO THE MAIN XPATH (parent).
dryRun: Run the program without making the update request. This allows you to inspect
    the resulting XML bodies. Default is True for safety.
updateLimit: Limit the number of updates to a certain number for caution's sake. 
    Default is -1 (which means no limit). You can set 'null' to the same effect. 
updateFile: The name of the file containing the list of resource IDs and update values.
    Default is 'input.csv'. This must be a CSV file in the format described below.

Once the project is set up, you can `python3 -m run_program your_project_name`